v3.3: include an ABNF for contentType (#5324)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: src/oas.md

| Field Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | :----: | ---- |

> | <a name="encoding-content-type"></a>contentType | `string` | The `Content-Type` for encoding a specific property. The value is a comma-separated list, each element of which is either a specific media type (e.g. `image/png`) or a wildcard media type (e.g. `image/*`), with ABNF: `media-range *( "," OWS media-range )`. The default value depends on the type as shown in the table below. |

Reviewer: OK I know I just approved the other one, but it just occurred to me that we may need to say that the OWS rule comes from RFC9110?  Or that the whole rule is imported from there?

I know @char0n tends to check our ABNF rules closely :-)

Reviewer 2: Hi,

@handrews thanks for flagging me ;]

I would possibly align this with [Request Object.content](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.2.0.html#fixed-fields-10) field:

```suggestion
| <a name="encoding-content-type"></a>contentType | `string` | The `Content-Type` for encoding a specific property. The value is a comma-separated list, each element of which is either a specific media type (e.g. `image/png`) or [media type range](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9110#appendix-A) (e.g. `image/*`). The default value depends on the type as shown in the table below. |
```

---

Then If can suggest replacing the following section with:

### Original section:

Determining how to handle a type value of null depends on how null values are being serialized. If null values are entirely omitted, then the contentType is irrelevant. See [Appendix B](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.2.0.html#appendix-b-data-type-conversion) for a discussion of data type conversion options.

### Replaced by:

Determining how to handle a type value of null depends on how null values are being serialized. If null values are entirely omitted, then the contentType is irrelevant. See [Appendix B](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.2.0.html#appendix-b-data-type-conversion) for a discussion of data type conversion options.

The `contentType` field is defined by the following [[ABNF](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.2.0.html#bib-abnf)] syntax:

```abnf
encoding-content-type = media-range *( "," OWS media-range )
```

Here, `media-range` and `OWS` are taken from [[RFC9110](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.3.0.html#bib-rfc9110)].
